Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Well, good evening family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us again tonight on this Sunday.
What a wonderful day it's been. You know, the weather's been really pretty in the state of Oklahoma.
We're believing for more rain. We need a lot more rain. I don't know where you are, but I bet you need rain, too.
And so, we're going to continue to pray for the rain over this nation. I know there's a lot of people that are in drought.
And so, before we get into the summer, we only have just a couple more weeks and we'll be into the hot months.
So, we really need to fill up our lakes and our streams. And Colorado needs rain desperately.
And so, we're going to call it in. We're going to believe God.
And that's what we always do. We're going to believe God and we're going to get some rain.
You know, I just thought about all the things that the Lord has done this week and just being thankful for every single thing that he has done, giving him holy praise.
Like Paul and Silas in the midnight hour giving him praise in the prison and the walls began to shake.
They weren't praying, they were praising. And in the praise, God delivered them out of the prison.
And I think tonight's a good night for whatever you've been through this week.
The walls will begin to shake in your life. The walls that have held you back, that have held you captive.
I feel it in my heart tonight that the Lord is saying, if you just give me some praise where you are, in your circumstance, the walls that have been holding you captive will begin to shake in your life.
And I know that this is true. I felt it in my spirit as I was praying this afternoon.
And he said, I've done some good things, Brandon, and a lot of people, I've healed their bodies.
I've delivered them from some things. And I need some gratitude. Some gratitude.
Let's just praise him for just a couple minutes for everything he's done in your life.
You may say, Well, Brandon, I just have just a little bit of a breakthrough.
Praise him for the breakthrough that you have. Praise him for where you are, that you're not where you used to be.
And I believe in doing so the manifestation of what you're believing for. There's an expiration date on it.
And I'm telling you, I believe with all my heart that God is a God that will deliver his people.
And there's expiration dates to what you've been believing for. All things are possible to him who believes.
So, Father, we just give you praise and glory and honor for this prayer time tonight.
We praise you, Father, for the breakthrough, for whatever they're believing for.
Father, in their health, in their minds and their emotions and their marriages, Father, we thank you, Lord, for the week that we had, and I thank you for the week that we're about to start.
We're so grateful, Father, that you have showed up and showed off in our lives over the month of April.
There were so many breakthroughs and so many things that we saw in prayer. And Lord, we thank you for the month of May.
We start out this month of May, Father, with great expectation for great turnaround in our circumstances.
No matter what it is that we're believing for, Father, we're believing for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think. So, Father, we dedicate this month to you.
We dedicate the month of May that this will be the beginning of supernatural blessing and increase, healing, marriages restored, children coming home, whatever they may need.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we praise you in that midnight hour.
And I believe the walls of our circumstances are shaking right now.
They're shaking. And I thank you, Lord, that Father, the chains have been broken.
You were crucified for us and Father you were resurrected on the third day and you dwell in us in the name of Jesus richly by faith and we believe that Father the breakthrough of what we're believing for is right at hand.
Jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commissions, growth in businesses and states and inheritances, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises.
Do you believe that? Finding money, bills paid off, blessing and increase, healing in your body, from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
I believe that God is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're the healer and you're the deliverer.
And Father, we thank you for the good things that we're about to see in the rest of this year, 2026.
We are ahead of schedule. 2026. Wow. Where have I been? Interesting.
When I was seeing it over in the spirit realm. There was things I was seeing over just not even an hour ago.
And it was concerning the years and what the Lord is showing me.
2026, 2027. Where are we at in 2027? What does 2027 look like? But what does the rest of 2026 look like?
And as I was looking over into it, as I was praying, he said, I have some things I need to show you before you start your live stream.
And the shaking of our nation, the shaking of the nations. We've never been in a time like we're about to see.
When the Lord said in 2025, that's what he said on September the 23rd, you would enter into the point of no return, the point of acceleration whenever they had the UN meeting and it was all about Israel and the things that were taking place and then we entered into this year.
But I'm trying to warn you. We're about to enter in a time like we've never seen before.
Even more with all the wars and the rumors of wars, an acceleration above everything we've ever seen before.
And I'm telling you by the spirit of God, we're about to see signs and wonders in these last days like we've never seen before.
Oh, I don't believe that. Well, that's okay. You don't have to experience it.
I believe with all my heart that we're about to see God show up and show off in our lives and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
And I have expectation for what God is about to do in the latter part of this year going into 2027.
As I was looking to the east, you know, whenever you see things and he talks about martyrs and he was talking to me about martyrs in the body of Christ and he was saying that there's a lot of people he said there'll be a lot of martyrs in the days ahead.
I said I don't really like that. He said, Well, Brandon, there will be a lot of martyrs in the days ahead.
I saw certain people that I'm familiar with on stages preaching and they just went home.
I watched them as they were preaching the gospel and they were taken out by sniper.
Couldn't figure out why the covering wasn't there. I was praying over these things.
I said, So, are you asking me to change this? What are you at? What is this?
Why are you showing me this? And he said, Some people will come home.
He talked about sovereignty today. He talked a lot about things that are very hard for me to talk about.
And he said, My sovereign hand will move the people. I saw the people moving.
I saw great migration again. I saw this nation shaking. I saw things that were frightening to me a little bit in the natural.
And as I got fearful, he yelled three times, Fear not, Brandon.
Fear not. Fear not for what you're looking at, for what's coming. Keep your eyes on me. I will hide you in the cliff of the rock.
1 Corinthians 5:5 will start to come to full manifestation, a shaking and an awakening of the bride to bring her to my side.
For there is a slumber upon the nations. There is, they're asleep and there will be an awakening unto God.
Awakening unto God for what is about to take place. And it will be around the world for the bride is asleep.
A lot of them. And this is one last call, for the sun is setting on this dispensation of grace. The sun is setting.
And as I saw a building exploding—it looked like some kind of device, a nuclear device or something in a building up northeast—it was a major building.
And I saw it; I saw this device going off up northeast. It looked like nuclear.
Something happens. I saw something very, very tragic taking place.
And then I saw the headlines in the papers, and I saw, 'Terror strikes again.
Terror strikes again.'And then I saw in the headlines, 'Terror in the heartland.'A nation in turmoil.
I saw this in the headlines in black bold letters: 'Nation in Turmoil.'I wasn't going to jump right into this, but I don't want to waste your time.
I have such an urgency in my heart to tell you: you must wake up. I see the headlines in the papers.
I see what the Lord is showing me concerning this nation and other nations—a shaking to awaken.
As I told you, Cuba is next. The Lord said Cuba is next. He's going to liberate the people.
A major revival is coming to Cuba. A major outpouring of the Spirit of God is coming to Cuba.
And God is going to use Marco Rubio in the days ahead to bring—it was personal to him.
And I saw him in the hand of the Lord being led; and David slew his tens of thousands and Saul slew his thousands.
There are things that you will see Marco Rubio do in the days ahead.
And a shaking to Cuba and to the Latino community—it's going to be epic—a huge move of God in the Latino community and in the Asian community.
I'm not just singling them out, but this is what I have been praying over this weekend.
And I want to show you what President Trump just said that goes with everything that we've been praying, to show you we're on target with our prayers.
And President Trump came out publicly and he said this: 'An architect who's really talented—he's done a lot of work for him—he's got a flair, a beautiful Hispanic flair in particular.
And he comes from originally a place called Cuba, which we will be taking over almost immediately.'No, Cuba's got problems. We'll finish one first; I like to finish a job.
On the way back from what we'll do on the way back from Iran, we'll have one of our big, maybe the USS Abraham Lincoln aircraft carrier, the biggest in the world—we'll have that come in, stop about a hundred yards offshore, and they'll say, "Thank you very much.
We give up."Good job. It's coming. The Lord said it's coming and the shaking of Cuba is coming. I truly believe this with all my heart.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to bring great revival to Cuba.'And he's joking about it, but I believe he's really serious in his heart.
Then the Lord showed us a major thing about to take place with Ukraine.
And I saw Zelensky. He was doing cocaine and he had prostitutes around him.
He had all kinds of things going on in this room. And he was no longer here.
In the days ahead, I saw him trying to either... and it was two paths.
I saw him getting on a plane with lots of $100 bills and he was going to another nation.
And then I've seen him being taken out in this building, and I saw a new government coming in in the days ahead that will be brought in by a proxy government, pro-Ukraine, pro-Russia.
But I saw Macron in the last vision and the last time I was with you all two days ago, I saw a cardinal striking a dove and the dove was dead upon the ground and his heart was ripped out, and I saw two black crows looking at the dead dove's body.
I saw a turtle; I saw it had glasses on. I could see the cardinal and the turtle were friends.
I could see across a weasel. A weasel was in France. I saw a weasel scheming. I could see a cobra coming up out of the Middle East.
But as I looked at the lifeless bird laying on the ground, the bear was poked with missiles coming out of France, giving them to Ukraine, trying to stir up World War III.
And as I was looking into that this last week, I saw a plan because I saw Trump trying to pull out of NATO and he said in articles that we're pulling out 5,000 troops out of Germany.
Do you see it? I've seen that. It was important because that's what we saw Thursday.
And the Lord warned us that they would try to devise a plan to ensnare the United States in the days ahead to stay in NATO as Trump tries to pull out and says, 'Listen, we're not going to be a part of this anymore because you're not backing us.'And he was asking for help in the Strait.
And I saw under-the-table deals. Europe rattled by... Do you see it?
And that's why I saw they would try to provoke it and it manifested.
This is what we saw on Thursday. And this happened over the next day or so.
So, I saw a rattling—like what they're saying—but I saw President Trump saying we're going to do this.
And I saw under-the-table agreements with the king, and he is a scorpion.
But I saw the chameleon would try to do a coup against President Trump, a coup to overthrow him with the 25th Amendment.
I saw a coup and the Lord said, 'Don't forget January 6th.'And there were a lot of innocent people that were accused of things and were in there like the pastor out in Amarillo, Brian.
There are a lot of good people that were accused of things, but you had a bunch of bad apples, deep state in the midst of the January 6th thing that were there to create violence and stir up trouble.
And the good people were mixed with the bad people. And the Lord said, 'Don't forget January 6th.
Another event is coming.'There's something else coming to the nation.
Now, when I'm looking into these visions and the Lord has me praying over them, they're all very similar, yet very different, you know, like the way the picture is and what he's showing me of how to pray for our nation to pray for revival—a shaking in our nation with the buildings burning in New York.
I see these buildings. I see explosions in the buildings. I see fire.
And the Lord said, 'Don't forget the prophetic words that I gave to David Wilkerson.'Remember I told you I saw a black, white, and red boat that was an oil tanker that would be hijacked?
And I said they put a device in the oil and they will hijack the boat.
And I saw everybody on the crew was murdered and they take the boat and they put a device in it. Does anybody remember that?
Put in the comment section if you remember a hijacking of a boat when I told you I see a boat that will come out and it will be black, red and white and it will be hijacked and they will put a device in the boat.
Does anybody remember it? Well, it happened. I don't know where the boat is, but this is interesting to me. Is it the boat that I saw? I don't know.
All I know is I saw a boat that was red, black, and white, and it was an oil boat, and they put the oil in the middle, and they used a dirty thing in this, and it was a massive device that was dirty, and they would hijack it.
And I saw all the crew deceased in the boat. I think it was kind of interesting.
Same colors, everything. But he warned me this was a very dangerous thing. Poland.
NATO moved a thousand troops with heavy gear to the Russian doorstep in Poland.
Now, what did I show you? What did I tell you about Poland? Warsaw.
I said they will provoke Putin in the days ahead and he will use a weapon that has never been used ever before on the face of the earth.
And it will not disintegrate the buildings or the cars, but it melts the people.
I've never seen something like that before. But he didn't destroy the land.
And the Lord said it is not nuclear. It is a weapon that has never been used. It looked like a nuclear weapon, but it wasn't.
And the Lord said, "This is by Warsaw, Poland."And He said, "They will provoke them in the days ahead."Is this what we're about to see?
I'm telling you, an acceleration of World War III trying to bring forth the Mahdi. Here it is. Do you see that? I warned you all.
We've been praying what the Lord showed us, and I saw they would try to keep President Trump from leaving NATO.
They'll try to snare him. And I saw Emmanuel Macron riding a black swan down the river.
A massive black swan. And he was riding it down the river in France. Do you see that? Do they see it?
So, these are the things the Lord has showed us before, and now we see it in the news.
And I saw a major draft coming out of this. This is what I saw the draft considering. Remember I said why?
Because Apollyon came up out of the pit and started going like a top, and it looked like a Tasmanian devil.
Can you show them that? The Tasmanian devil. Okay. I know I'm throwing new things at you, but it's what I'm getting by the spirit of God while I'm talking.
Keep going. What? It's one of those, baby. I remember. You've done a lot of work, son.
So we saw a major draft, and that's whenever I saw there was not enough people to fight, and they called for this whenever the major war broke out in Europe. Then North Korea joined it.
And as I was watching this last vision when we were praying together, I saw China turn its back on Russia and was looking with something in his hand, and he had a smirk on his face as he was looking towards Taiwan, and lights and things were coming out of Taiwan.
And the Lord said, "Remember this."So, there's things that we're seeing in the news now that are alarming because we're in it.
Now, go ahead and play this one. This is interesting because this is what I saw in 2023. Talk about it again.
I saw a demon that was chained in a pit with these massive chains on top of this devil binding him in this pit.
And I saw an angelic being from the Lord come down and release that demonic spirit, and it came up out of that pit and he started spinning like the Tasmanian devil on Bugs Bunny.
He was spinning profusely when he got out of that pit, and he went inside Vladimir Putin's area.
It was like I saw Vladimir Putin—I'm going to say it's like he went inside Vladimir Putin—and all of a sudden I saw him strike Poland because Poland got missiles from other countries.
Something happened. Poland was provoking Russia because of war stuff and helping out with Ukraine. But there was something more to this.
So all of a sudden about Warsaw, Poland, I believe is where by the Belarus area, I saw a humongous mushroom cloud kind of an explosion.
I said, "Lord, oh no, they're going to use tactical nukes."And the Lord said, "No, this is a weapon that has never been used before, ever, on the earth."We've never seen this.
I saw a demon. That's it. You did good. I like it. That's when you first started.
But we saw that in prayer, and I saw Warsaw and I saw a provoking of our military to get in this, and that was how many years ago.
And now we're seeing things on the border. We're seeing President Trump saying, "I'm leaving.
We're taking our troops out of Germany."And I said, "In this, they will provoke a major war to keep the United States in it because they cannot afford to lose us."And so back then, Biden was in power, and I thought, is Creepy Joe going to do something stupid?
I didn't see Trump because it was Biden. Well, three years later, we have President Trump back and he's saying, "I'm pulling the troops out of NATO.
You didn't help me out. I'm going to get my troops out of here."And this is exactly what we saw was a pulling of the troops, a provoking—something's coming.
And then I saw missiles that look like Tomahawk missiles being given to Ukraine to go deep into Russia from France.
As I saw the dove on the ground and I saw the heart ripped out, the Lord said, "Don't tell who they are.
It's not necessary."He says, "It's symbolic by animals for a reason."That's why he gave you doves, cardinals, turtles, because it was code.
And the Lord said, "I did that on purpose today."I just follow him.
He said, "I gave it to you in code on purpose."So I gave it to you how he gave it to me.
I know who the things are and what they represent. You will too if you pray in the spirit.
Next. He has the cards. He put this on his Truth Social. So he's making a joke. And so he's playing with the cards again.
I said instead he had the full house in his last hand, now he has all the wilds and he's going to win.
But the Lord said, "Be humble."Remember, and the Lord said in this, "Do not underestimate your enemy, for they have things that you don't know they have."And maybe you do know they have them now, sir.
But I saw Cuba and I saw sniffers. Sniffers going all over Cuba trying to sniff it.
But it was encased in lead. What we were looking for was encased in lead.
I don't understand what I'm seeing, but I'm just trying to tell you what we are looking for is encased in lead.
I don't know what that does. All I know is the Lord said, "This is encased in lead, what we're looking for."And they can't smell it.
Go ahead. Next. I want you to see this about the shrimp. All these are dead.
Do you see all those? They're all dead. What's killing all the shrimp?
Literally millions of them. Where is this at? Oman Beach transforms into a red carpet of death.
Oman. So, it's over there by Iran. What is killing all the shrimp?
I wonder if they're edible. I'm teasing. You couldn't pay me to eat that.
It's a lot of low-calorie meal there. It's disgusting. Ready?
Go ahead. Okay, and then I mean that's it. We have the boat. Then we have a new mysterious plague on a boat.
Three dead and suspected some kind of outbreak. It's a Hantavirus.
A British outbreak aboard an Atlantic Ocean ship. So, there's a new kind of virus.
Is this the virus the Lord showed us? I do not believe so. The virus the Lord showed us would start in Europe with rats.
They said mouse transmitted, but it's not it. It would be the black plague. This would be like similar to the black plague.
I saw sores all over the people's bodies, and it was nasty, and it kills over 350 million people when it happens.
And the Lord said it will be a virus that is on steroids compared to COVID when it manifests. It's part of the end times.
I said, "Can we stop it?"He said, "No, but you can lessen it."So, I'm not trying to give you all bad news.
I'm trying to tell you the signs of the times are happening all around us.
You said, "Well, Brandon, you're just full of great news today.
I come on your channel to get lifted up, and here you are bringing me down."I'm not trying to bring you down.
I'm trying to bring you into reality, letting you see where we are now.
That's why we praised him at the beginning because you need to know there's a God of the breakthrough working on your behalf.
But right now, we are in serious times. And it is not time for the church to have its head in the sand.
It's time for the church to have a backbone like a crowbar and learn who they are and walk in authority because you're not hearing this on mainstream media.
Fake news isn't telling you what's truly going on in the world.
Look, a cruise ship in the Atlantic Ocean kills three people. It is with mice.
And I said it will be with rats and they will release it out of a lab.
And it's China. The Lord said China will do this. So, let's go to what we saw today.
I saw cyber attacks coming against our nation in a great form against our electric grid, against our infrastructure, our water, our facilities, our electric, our natural gas, our major infrastructures.
The Lord said specifically, you need to pray over your electric grid.
I saw some cities without electricity for over three weeks coming.
Now look at what's next. We've got to move quickly. You've already had 30 minutes.
That's it. See this right here? I told you. I saw the 1970s oil crisis.
I saw this when I saw the things happening with the strait and with President Trump and what was going to take place with Israel, and a lot of it will be blamed on Israel.
But I saw gas lines like the 1970s. Now they are comparing this right now to some of it.
Now, we got that little thing off of Johnny Bravo's—he's a YouTuber.
Now, do you see all this? That's exactly what the Lord said for us to pray about. I saw gas lines for over a mile long.
They were stretched down the block and there was not enough gas for people in some places.
Now, from what I understand, Cuba is paying $47 a gallon for gas right now.
There are 10 million people there. $47 a gallon. You aren't going very many places if it's $47 a gallon.
That's a lot of money, especially when they don't make anything.
So, you're walking. It's pretty sad for some of those folks.
That's sad. $47 a gallon is a lot of money. Two gallons of gas is almost 100 bucks.
Go ahead. Next. Do you see it? And I thought this is—and this is not financial advice, okay?
It's just me having fun. All in my opinion, this next little clip that I'm going to show you is just me having fun.
So, if I show this to you, it's not me telling you anything. It's just me being—it's just fun for me.
See, I thought this was neat seeing Cheshire Cat. I say Garlinghouse will smile like a Cheshire Cat in the month of May.
Look at that. Isn't that neat? He's smiling like a Cheshire Cat.
It's neat how the Lord talks in code like that to Brandon Biggs and he'll show me things like a smile.
He's smiling like a Cheshire Cat. Garlinghouse is happy. Why?
I don't know. Maybe because his stuff's in his sign and behind him.
He's just advertising, I guess. But there you go. It's funny.
They didn't fold. You know when to hold them, know when to fold them.
Just like the Lord said. Know when to walk away. Know when to run.
You better count your money when you're sitting at the table.
Ready? Yep. It's good. All right. We love y'all. I'm so glad that's the first half.
We tried. We went fast. Braden, you did good. You work hard. That's what's going on in the news.
So, everything we bring to you is what we have seen in visions.
Even with "they didn't fold."Remember when I told you, I see it in the spirit.
Know when to hold them. Know when to fold them. I said this. I told you those exact words.
It's in the sign. Do you see it? I hear these things and then I see it in a vision and then it's there for you to see it.
I sang the song for you last time. All right. All in my opinion.
I'm not entitled to my opinion what the Lord tells me. First Amendment gives me that right.
Thank God for it right now. Right. Next. Anything else? I mean, he's done with Byron Donalds.
Okay. And the African-American man. Okay. This is who I believe the Lord—and now people got so upset.
I live in Florida. We don't want him. We want this guy. You don't know what you're asking for.
And I've tried to walk very carefully on this, but I've seen this man right here.
Something about this man now, whatever. But it's neat that he's there and I believe he will be your next governor.
And I believe Ron DeSantis will be part of the Trump cabinet and he will take Rubio's place in the days ahead.
I think Rubio will be something else. All right, you ready? Let's pray.
Yeah, go ahead. You can play it. Byron Donalds. Special guy. Thank you.
He's so far ahead in the polls, I don't have to ask him to come up.
I would ask him, but my theory is when you're up by more than 20 points, it's a waste of time.
And so you say, "Well, you miss it if he doesn't."Okay. Well, you know what?
I can miss it. But I keep seeing it in my spirit to pray for this man, Mike Lindell and him.
But Mike Lindell, I don't feel strong about. I feel stronger for this guy.
Mike Lindell, he has a fight. The Lord said, "Pray for Mike Lindell. Pray for his health specifically.
Pray for him because God wants Mike Lindell to win Minnesota, but it's going to take a fight."And I saw corruption in voter fraud in the days ahead concerning who they want as the weaker contestant against the Democrat.
They don't want the stronger contestant that will win against the Democrat. I saw them fighting this in Atlanta and I saw voter fraud.
The Lord said, "Pray for this."So we will continue to stand for this beautiful nation that God has given us. We will pray for our president.
We will pray for his safety, his protection, his health, his veins, his blood flow, his heart, everything that we can do to cover him in the mighty name of Jesus and that he gets across the finish line.
I believe it is our job as the body of Christ to lift up this man.
He has all hell coming against him in the spirit realm. And I can feel it every single time I'm praying.
I say, "You can feel that heaviness."And I told you, I said, "There's a black dot over his shoulder."It was on his right side.
It was the king. It was all last week. The Lord said, "Pray for this.
There's things that you do not know that are being said. Pray for his protection. Pray for his discernment on who he is doing business with.
For he is dealing business with a scorpion."A lot of times I don't know what these symbols mean, but a scorpion will sting you.
As he held a bee in his hand, did it have anything to do with it?
I don't know. I don't try to say there's a devil behind every bush.
No, don't be flaky. But I'm going to tell you there are things that are symbolic. The Lord is warning us to intercede.
I felt in my spirit—I'm not accusing President Trump and I'll say it again that this last assassination thing was a hoax—there was something not right about it.
But I'm telling you there is one that is coming to try to destroy this man. We must stand and protect him in prayer.
For it is vital for him to finish the race and that they would not be able to use the 25th Amendment for whatever that—however you would do that.
I don't understand the 25th Amendment, but I saw the 25th Amendment and a January 6 experience trying to come against him.
Something about an event. We must pray for this two-faced person that would not be able to do something against him that they would want.
Whoever this is—I'm not going to say, you all pretty much, I'm sure, know—but there is a Harvard mentality, a Yale mentality, influenced with Ivy League education always around him.
And the Lord said, 'I will use the unlearned men.'Do you remember where we had the scripture where he said they marveled?
That was the night the Lord showed us they marveled because they knew they had been with Jesus.
The key to wisdom, the key to discernment, the key of walking in the glory in these last days is not just being with Jesus one time, but staying at the foot of Jesus.
Not in front of the cross, but behind it. Staying behind him, staying with him at all times, being with Jesus over and over and over.
There it is, Acts 4: 'Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marveled and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus.'It's just being with Jesus.
I was a janitor for almost 15 years of my life. Barely finished high school.
But the Lord put an anointing on me and he said, 'Go.'I said, 'I don't feel qualified.'He said, 'Go on YouTube and tell my people that I'm coming and I will bring them.'And that's exactly what I've done.
But I don't have an Ivy League education. A lot of words I have problems even reading.
But I do it with all my heart. And it's because I have been with Jesus.
And God will use the foolish thing to confound the wise. And he'll put you in front of great men.
Senators, people will watch you. I was told the secretary of President Trump watches me two days ago. Hello, I'm excited you watch.
But this is the scripture that I go by: 'Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marveled and took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus.'And the key to your relationship in the days ahead, no matter how dark it's going to get, no matter how bad things could be, is being with Jesus.
That's the only thing that's ever going to deliver you is being with Jesus.
It doesn't matter how many parties you can be invited to or how many great social events or how many shoulders you can rub with great dignitaries and senators and people of high authority.
It's Jesus—staying at his feet so that they will marvel when you speak just like they did with Peter and John.
They will marvel when you speak. You don't have to have an Ivy League education.
They will marvel when you speak because you have been with Jesus. If he did it with them, he'll do it with you.
And in these last days, if we lift up the Lord and try to deflect and give him all the glory by going vertical and not going horizontal on a day-to-day basis, the people will come from miles around to see you burn for the glory of God.
The light, like the moth bugs in the summertime, will surround a light.
The brighter the light, the more the bugs. So, I encourage you tonight, just be with Jesus.
Stay the course no matter what you're about to see because the Lord said to me three times, 'Fear not, son, for what you are seeing.'Fear not.
Three times today, 'Don't be afraid, Brandon.'I said, 'Yes, my flesh gets shaken when I see the flag burning.
When I see holes in the flag burning—it was a large flag burning, it was all on fire concerning the military.'I said, 'Why?
What is this?'So, we will continue to pray for this beautiful nation as we enter our 250th year.
And we pray for President Trump's kids. We pray for Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka.
And we will keep them underneath that blood and keep them protected. And we'll pray over his marriage.
I've seen that we should pray for President Trump's marriage many times.
We must pray for their marriage. Lord said, 'Don't say anything else.
You just say pray for their marriage.'And pray for Alex Jones.
Pray for Alex Jones for an attempt against his life in the days ahead.
Pray for Alex Jones for protection. I saw a parking lot with a crossbow.
We pray for Alex Jones'protection continually as we saw Tucker's heart turns dark gray then black concerning things.
And I said, 'You see Tucker every single time.'The Lord said, 'Do you see Tucker Carlson?
This is why I don't bring him up.'His heart turned gray then he turned black and just like that, now he's acting just like the Lord said.
He hardens hearts and he softens hearts. Ladies and gentlemen, what do you smell like before the father?
If you were to stand before him today, how do you smell? Everybody has a fragrance.
A sacrifice. Look at that one. We present our bodies as a sacrifice.
One more scripture: We present our bodies as a living sacrifice.
You have it, Romans 12: 'I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.'Billy talked to me about this yesterday.
He said, 'Brandon, do you know what? A sacrifice is always burnt.'He said, 'It smells.'What?
He said, 'The smelling of flesh burning brings up a sacrificial smell that is pleasing to the father.
And when you present your body as a living sacrifice, it brings up an odor, a sacrifice that is pleasing to the Lord because your flesh is under that altar.'We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of us.
It's for the suffering for the greater glory. These sufferings bring forth the greater glory.
Bring that one. You can have that one. Keep this one. It's Romans again.
I believe it's that one. I had it earlier. I believe it's... let me see here. Romans 8. Yep, Romans 8.
2 Corinthians 4: 'Our light afflictions, which is but for a moment, worketh for us far more exceeding eternal weight of glory.'Romans 8: 'The sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.'It's the sacrifice.
That is the qualification for the anointing. There's nothing else.
It is what makes you go from glory to glory. It's the sacrifice.
What's the smell? How do you smell before the father? What do you smell like? A living sacrifice.
What does your flesh smell like when you share the sufferings that Jesus had?
What did Jesus go through when you share his sufferings? It's the key to the greater glory.
So we present ourselves a sacrifice unto him. And I want to smell worthy.
Whatever it is that the Lord is looking for, I want to smell that. He looks at me and says, 'Well done, Braden.
Well done.'And when he told me, he said, 'There'll be many martyrs in the days ahead, Braden.'It wasn't something that I wanted to hear.
I said, 'I saw this individual on the stage.'And he said, 'He didn't feel it.'There're certain conversations that are very mature that I have with him that are deeper than most.
And he'll say things to me about his sovereignty and the things that are coming and it shakes me.
And I believe with all my heart tonight is your night for your breakthrough.
Let's believe God for anything and everything that you're believing for.
Let's believe tonight's your night for your expiration date.
Tonight's your night to be like blind Bartimaeus. You could be that blind man tonight.
'Jesus, son of David, have mercy on me!'as he walks by. He is an ever-present help in time of need.
I believe that he dwells on the inside of you. Tonight's your night.
You touch that hem like the woman with the issue of blood and he says, 'Daughter, your faith has made you whole.'And if her faith made her whole, your faith can make you whole.
Touch his garment tonight. And so we take this communion and we believe that by his stripes we're healed.
And we take this right now in the name of Jesus. And we thank you, Father, that by your stripes, we are healed.
And we receive it right now in Jesus'name. And we thank you, Father, for this time of prayer, that we enter into your throne boldly.
You are our Father. And we believe, Father, for greater works will we do in these last days in Jesus'name.
Amen. Amen. We take, Lord. We take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We cover ourselves in the blood. We cover our eyes. We cover anything you want to show us tonight.
You've already showed me so much today. And I'm so thankful for all that you show me.
I'm so thankful for the warnings. I apply the blood over the eyes, that I have eyes to see.
I have eyes to see. And we yield to the anointing of the prophetic. We yield to the anointing of the watchmen.
And Father, if there's anything you want to show us, Father, have your way. Thank you, Father. We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
And we cover ourselves in the blood, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus all around us tonight. And we thank you, Father, for the angels of the Lord that camp around and about us, too.
Thank you, Father. They bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And we take the blood right now. Amen and amen. All right. 7,600 of you, welcome. Thank you for being here.
So, let's pray and we'll just pray over things and our nation, and we'll just thank him for all that he's done so far.
And isn't Jesus wonderful? May is here. Cinco de Mayo is a day after tomorrow.
And happy Cinco de Mayo to the Latinos. They celebrate it and we'll go from there. Right?
I believe that Claudia's days are numbered, that God is going to bring in a better leader in Mexico.
That God is going to bring a better leader in Mexico, one that is a businessman.
Have your own way, Lord. Do you have that word? Have your own way.
You are the potter; I am the clay. Mold me and make me after thy will.
I believe that's it. Okay. Have thy own way. Lord, have thy own way.
Thou art the potter; I am the clay. Mold me and make me after thy will.
While I am waiting, yielded and still. Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way. Search me and try me, Savior, today. Wash me just now, Lord, wash me just now.
As in thy presence humbly I bow. Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way.
Wounded and weary, help me I pray. Power, all power surely is thine.
Touch me and heal me, Savior divine. Have thy own way. Lord, have thy own way.
Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way. Thou art the potter; I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will. While I am waiting, yielded and still.
I'm yielded and still tonight while I am waiting. Yielded and still, we go low, we go low, we go slow.
There's no rush with you. There's never a hurry other than for souls. Hurry, hurry, hurry for the souls.
But everything else I've ever experienced with you has been very steady, slow, having an urgency other than to reach that which was lost.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few. wash me just now.
Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way. Search me and try me, Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord, wash me just now. As in thy presence humbly I bow.
Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way. Thou art the potter; I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will while I am waiting, yielded and still. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father.
He just said, 'Brandon, as it was when I delivered the children of Egypt, there was no feeble one among them.'That's the way it will be in this end-time glory.
He said, 'Stand on that scripture.'Not so much about the pool. Yes, the pool was real. And what happened there was, too.
But what I'm about to do will be a type and shadow of what I did with the children of Israel.
They left with the silver. They left with the gold. They left with no feeble one among them.
They left with all complete provision. And they got their wages back that Pharaoh owed to them.
If you believe me for it. That's what he just said. 'I will bring back what the cankerworm ate.
Brandon, I will restore.'He brought them forth also with silver and gold, and there was no feeble person among their tribes.
Psalm 105:37. And the Lord said right then, 'I'll do as a type and shadow what I'm about to do.
There'll be no feeble one among you. I'll heal all those that need healing.
And you'll look around and say, "Is there anyone that needs prayer?"because every one of them will have it, the manifestation of what they've believed for.'Believe for this.
Yes, it was real, Brandon. And yes, it was real what happened.
But I'm going to do a new thing and a type and shadow of what I did for the people.
Look at that. Do you see it? That's what the Lord just said. That blessed me.
He brought them forth also with silver and gold. Get ready for the wealth transfer.
Get ready for the wealth transfer. That's your scripture you're going to stand on.
He brought them forth also with silver and gold. And there was no one feeble person among their tribes.
And I don't know what tribe you're in, but I'm of the household of faith.
And there was no feeble one among the household of faith. Do you believe that?
As he is, so am I in this world. So that's him correcting me. He did it with scripture about the pool.
Yes, that was that. But this is what I'm about to do. So he's correcting it.
See, I don't have everything down. And even then, he corrected with scripture.
And I'm so thankful for him. He has patience with me. And that's what he wants you to believe him for tonight.
Psalm 105:37. Do you understand? Latch on to Psalm 105:37. He brought them forth also with silver and gold, and there was no feeble person among their tribes.
And I'm of the household of faith. What about you? As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. I am of the household of faith.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ was raised from the dead and he's seated at the right hand of the Father making intercession for me and for you.
But he says as of tonight, if you latch on to Psalm 105:37, 'He brought them forth also with silver and with gold, and there was no feeble person among them.'Latch on to that.
If you want to know what you're believing for, what you're praying for, if whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive it.
What are you going to pray? What do you have to believe for? What are you holding on to? You've got to have scripture to back your prayers.
If you abide in me and my words remain in you, his words, this word, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
So what are we holding on to? I'm holding on to Psalm 105:37. He brought them forth also with silver and gold.
And there was no one feeble person among their tribes. And I am in the household of faith.
I believe with all my heart Jesus dwells on the inside of me. I'm a child of the Most High God.
I might not be a tribe, but I believe I am of the household of faith.
Hallelujah. That's wonderful. That's great. He said, 'And they brought with joy.'With joy.
He said, 'With joy.'You have to believe it with joy. They went with joy and laughter.
Thank you, Father, for Psalms 105:37. Thank you, Father. So, Father, that's what we hold on to tonight.
That ought to get you excited. If that doesn't get you excited, you're wet wood.
He said, "If I did it for them, I'll do it for you. I'm no respecter of persons."And they were under the old covenant.
How much more do you have with Jesus? That's what he just said. How much more do you have with Jesus's blood?
They were under the old covenant with bulls and goats and lambs and slaughtered things.
How much more do you have? They had to put the blood of the lamb on the door.
You can put the blood of Jesus. He dwells on the inside of you.
And if he brought them forth with all the silver and the gold, and there was no feeble person among their tribes, how much more will he do it for us in these last days?
That's what he just said. That is straight off the press. I like that.
Thank you, Lord. That gives you something to latch on to today.
He didn't just take care of their finances; he took care of their bodies, too.
If you want to know about the end-time wealth transfer, if he did it once, he'll do it again.
If he did it once, thousands of years ago, he'll do it again in the last of the last days.
If he did it once, he said he would do it again if you just latch on to it.
And their mouths were filled with laughter and their tongues with singing.
Then they said among the heathen, "The Lord hath done great things for them."Psalms 126:2-3.
Their mouths were filled with laughter and their tongues with singing.
Then said they among the heathen, "The Lord hath done great things for them."The Lord hath done great things for us; therefore, we are glad.
That's the part of it: being glad with what he's about to do, latching on to it, and being happy.
Why? Because he filled our mouths with laughter. Our mouths were filled with laughter and our tongues with singing. We're singing like Paul and Silas, just like I told you.
They said among the heathen—the people around them, all the people that are going to hell—"The Lord hath done great things for us."Are you going to tell everybody about your blessing?
Because when you leave with the gold and the silver and there's no feeble one among you, this is what we're going to be doing next.
When we have the gold and the silver and the wealth transfer, when we get the wealth transfer, get ready.
Our mouths will be filled with laughter and our tongues with singing.
Then they will say among the heathen, all those around us, the people at work, "The Lord has done great things for us."The Lord has done great things for us; therefore, we are glad.
We're glad. Are you going to be glad because there's no feeble? I don't know how long you've been paralyzed.
I don't know how long you've been having some kind of something going on with you, but I'm telling you tonight, there's an expiration date to what you've been believing for.
Because he brought them forth also with silver and gold, and there was no feeble person among their tribes.
And I don't know what tribe you're in, but I'm of the household of faith.
That's what I'm trying to tell you. That's what he just got, and I got it in prayer when I saw it.
He corrected me with 105:37 and the other one. And that's what he said.
When you get it, what are you going to do when you get your breakthrough?
Are you going to hide it? No. Psalms 126: then our mouths were filled with laughter.
We're going to be laughing and having a good time on here, and our tongues with singing.
Then they said among the heathen, the people at work, wherever we're at, we're going to be telling them, "The Lord has done great things for us."He's done such good things for me.
He healed my body. He turned my life around. He restored your marriages.
Your kids are coming home. Where are we in these last days? We are the tribe of Jesus.
We are the household of faith. The Lord hath done great things for us; therefore, we are glad. And it's time to show up.
When the glory of the Lord shows up in your church services in the days ahead, it's time to get excited about what God is going to do in your midst.
He said, "Brandon, there will be jewels. There'll be things, gold dust, signs and wonders, and it's going to shock the world."I'm going to do this to do a shock and awe.
This is the great finale. Are you ready for the great finale?
What happens at the finale? The greatest part of the fireworks show.
He saved the best for last, the closers, you and me. And I believe we're the generation that will not taste death.
We are the generation that will see the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, and it's coming sooner than later.
And if we're the great finale, what happens at the finale? He saved the best for last.
It's the fire of the end. Then our mouths were filled with laughter and our tongues with singing.
Then they said among the heathen, everybody's going to be looking at us.
"What is going on with them? The Lord has done great things for them."I love that, Braden.
It went with exactly what I heard in the spirit. I love it. It gets me so excited.
The Lord hath done great things for us. Thank you, Lord. It went with what he said earlier.
I want to hear you give me thanks for what I've done so far this month in April.
Don't start May with an ungrateful heart. What did I do for you in the month of April? Be like Paul and Silas, Brandon, and be that.
And the walls will begin to shake in your lives when you give me praise for what you're believing for and what you've already received.
Don't go another day and not give God praise for what he did in April. You may have had some land sale.
You may have seen some difference in your health, but give God praise for whatever he has done.
And he has done great things and he deserves the praise for what he did in April.
You may have not seen the full manifestation of what you've been believing for, but believe for it in the month of May.
There's a turnaround in your circumstances. That's what I'm hearing in my spirit tonight.
It's interesting because I didn't have anything to say before I came on here.
And then he said, "Say this: but you have kept the best until last."After the guests had had plenty and the other wine was served, he turned the water into wine.
You have saved the best until last. Well, guess what? He's doing it again.
He turned the water into wine and he saved the best for last. He's a God of patterns.
If he saved the best for last at the marriage feast, he's saving the best for last for the last outpouring.
So he's a God who does the same things over. He does it again. Look at it.
He's repeating his process because he's saying, "I did it once and I'll do it again."I feel so stirred up.
I feel like I could run around the house. I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost all over me.
Hallelujah. It's time to get excited for your breakthrough.
Hallelujah. For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Father, for correcting me even when I'm wrong. Thank you, Lord.
I appreciate you correcting me, Father, for you correct those that you love.
It's small-minded thinking. The man at the pool was small-minded.
It's time to think bigger. It's not time for the one; it's time for tens of millions.
Don't build a doctrine off one scripture one time. Just do it like this.
And He said, 'Latch on to what I did in the past; I'll do it again.'If I did it once, I'll do it again.
Now, let's find more scripture. Where is it? He brought them forth.
He brought the children of Israel forth with the spoils. Do you have one about that?
They brought the spoils. We can latch on to it, Braden. Don't you like that? You've got to have scripture in your pouch.
You've got to load your spiritual shooting with some spiritual silver bullets.
You don't go there with blanks. You've got to have something to fire off.
That sword of the spirit is going to come up out of your mouth and it will cut that devil.
But you've got to have something to back it on. And this is it.
This is what the Lord is saying tonight: Psalm 105:37. That's a good one. I like it. I'm going to put that on my dash. Why not?
He brought them forth also with silver and gold, and there was no feeble person among their tribe.
All right. He said, 'Don't camp there. Let's keep going.'Stir yourself up today.
Stir yourself up. Get new wine in the new wineskin. You've gotten too dry.
Your wine pouch has become too dry. He wants to anoint it with fresh olive oil.
Get that wine pouch fresh with new olive oil. The anointing of the Holy Ghost to get new wine in that wineskin tonight.
There are many of you who are dry and your wine pouch is full of dryness and it's cracking.
But the Lord wants to moisten it up tonight with a fresh touch of His presence if you will just drink from the well.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry. Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill our cup. Fill it up and make me whole.
Fill our cup, Lord. We lift it up, Lord. I'll sing the first verse.
I've never sung it before, son. Good job. What is that one? Go up.
Like the woman at the well, I was seeking for things that could not satisfy.
And then I heard my Savior speaking, 'Draw from my well that never shall run dry.'Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
I'll sing it again. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of their soul.
Bread of heaven, feed them till they want no more. Fill their cup.
Fill it up and make them whole. Thank you, Father. Where's my time?
Let's do this. I see it over there and I'm seeing Trump now. It's time to stir yourself up.
Stir yourself up. We plead the blood all around Trump. We plead the blood.
We plead the blood. We plead the blood. This is concerning the wealth transfer.
Many will come. Many will come. Many will come. And it's concerning Lindell.
I see him now. I see Lindell. I see the African-American man.
What's his name? Byron Donalds? We pray over that. Now we are going to pray over Oklahoma.
We pray over Texas. We pray over these states. We call for a red wave.
We call for a red wave. We call for a red wave with the right candidates.
Father, remove and expose the RINOs, bringing up good candidates.
Candidates for the positions of authority over this nation.
I thank You, Lord, that You'll bring forth the right candidates. I see a lightning rod.
It's in the ground like a screw in the ground with a wire going up with a light pole.
And I see this light pole with a line of metal going into the ground. And it's a screw into the ground.
It looks like the ridges with one of those screws you do with a screwdriver and it's grounded to the soil.
But there's a light on in the light. The light is yellow, but the fixture is red.
It's an old Victorian light pole. And it's red, like blood red.
The pole is red, like blood red with a strand going down it for a lightning rod, like a grounder.
This is grounded. The Lord said, 'That's a ground wire, son.
A ground wire. Be grounded. Be grounded for what's about to happen. You must be grounded.
As you become the light, a greater light, you'll be a light in the darkness, but with My blood.
You'll be a light in the darkness by the blood. But you must stay grounded for what's about to come.
When that light is shone on that light tower, be grounded in the soul.
Be grounded. Be grounded. Be grounded. And I see these lighthouse lights popping up all over the place.
You'll be a light in the darkness covered by the blood. And you need to be grounded.
Grounded. Many more. Many more. Many more. Many more. And it's down the streets.
I see them down the streets. The lights are on down the streets. And it paves the way.
Do you remember what I showed you about the trees being plugged in? The 220, right?
And it was plugged in and the microphone came up out of it and the trees began to glow.
They were grounded and then they plugged themselves into Me.
A great glory. And the trees began to glow. That's what He's talking about.
We're calling it in. Be grounded when the blessing comes. Don't allow it to destroy you.
Be covered in the blood today. Be covered in that blood. Apply the blood to your doors.
Apply the blood to the light. Apply the blood to the fixtures.
You will carry the light. The light goes wherever the lamp goes.
You can take it anywhere and then the light glows. But as long as you're grounded in Him, grounded.
Grounded in the green grass. Everything will change in a day.
And you'll have to obey. Be sober. Be sober-minded. Be sober-minded in these last days.
Look at that scripture. Be sober. Be sober. Be grounded. Be sober.
Be vigilant because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about seeking whom he may devour.
That's what He's saying. First Peter 5:8. Be sober. Be sober.
Who's he going to devour? The ones who are not grounded. The ones who are not covered in the blood.
The ones that are the light not covered in the blood. Be sober. Be sober.
Be vigilant because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about seeking whom he may devour.
Many of you will not walk sober. Don't lose your focus in the day.
You've got to keep your focus on Him today. Stay grounded. Stay sober.
Focus on the task ahead, get it done, and stand. It's all the things that you've been believing and desiring for.
The greater works are in store. The greater days are in store for the body of Christ and for the remnant.
Many will come to you. Rest in me. All that I have for thee, rest in me.
Run to me. He doesn't care if you have it as long as it doesn't have you.
Run to Him each day. He's a jealous God who is looking for your attention each day.
Don't give your attention to things; give your attention to Him.
Be grounded in Him, in the blood, and in the light. Be grounded in who you are with all your might.
You say, "Well, I haven't seen it,"but it's not going to happen to everybody concerning this.
If He can't trust you with it, trust and obey. For there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and obey.
Trust and obey what He has for you each day. You've got to stay grounded for what's about to take place. Don't allow it to destroy you. Be sober.
That's why He used that scripture earlier for what's about to take place—what you're going to see around you.
Be that light covered in the blood and be grounded on the street corner.
The people will come to you like a flood out of the darkness; they're going to come to the people out of the darkness and they'll want to get in that light that's inside of you.
It's like a lamppost by a road that's covered in the blood. It's a red lamppost and you're grounded in Him with the light shining from within.
The people will come to it, but you must be sober for what's about to take place.
Don't allow this to destroy you. Be sober for what's about to take place.
It won't happen to all of you; it will be the ones that trust and obey.
Be sober for what's about to come. Be the light in the darkness.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few. I'm bringing forth the laborers. I'm bringing forth the harvesters. I'm preparing you.
When the great shaking to awaken is all around you, be that sober, steadfast vessel that I can work through.
Be grounded. Be stable. Stabilize your roots—your taproot—in me.
Draw nigh to Him and He'll draw nigh to you, and the great Holy Spirit will flow through.
There'll be so much greater works that you'll do as I work through you.
You'll be shocked at what happens at such a quick pace in this great race. The closers, I've called you to be.
Greater works you will do in the days to come, and the power will flow within you.
Many will see the greater works that flow through you,, and I have prepared that place at that table.
The table is prepared for you in the presence of all your enemies.
I have prepared the place for acceleration in this great race, and I will show exceedingly overflow.
If you continue in faith, grounded, settled, and being not moved away from the hope of the gospel which you have heard and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven, and whereof I, Paul, am made a minister.
You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies; you anoint my head with oil; my cup runneth over.
Thank you, Father, for Your word. There's someone right here. I see you.
You've had a restriction in blood flow in your artery on the left side of your neck, and you actually feel dizzy when you stand up.
The Lord said, "I'm healing this tonight."It's in the left side of your head and you feel it come over you like you're flushed.
This is something more serious and the Lord is healing this tonight. Receive that right now.
You get up quickly and you're feeling flushed and your head's feeling dizzy on the left side.
Holy Ghost Roto-Rooter. Do you feel a difference in you already? We call the fire on that neck. We call fire on your head.
It's even causing you to have foggy brain thinking and memory loss.
It's a blood flow thing; it's causing you to have foggy thinking.
You've had an urgency inside of you to get this checked each day, but you've ignored it and said, "I believe by faith,"but this is something more serious.
The Lord said, "I have grace on you today."There's a healing flowing through your vein today.
If you feel a miraculous healing in your body, email us and tell us.
I believe they receive in the name of Jesus. You've had warnings inside of you.
If the Lord's telling you to do something, don't ignore His voice.
He's trying to help you; He loves you. Follow the voice of God leading in your life.
When you feel that tugging on your heart, don't ignore it. Perfect love casteth out all fear.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
You have peace when you hear it; it's not torment after you think about it and meditate on it.
The enemy comes with torment afterwards, but a lead of peace at the beginning. I hear you.
And then you start meditating; you talk it, and then the enemy starts tormenting you.
Difference: the moment you speak it, he's always there. Torment, torment, torment.
Follow the peace. What's your blood pressure at? Check your blood pressure.
I heard that. We call blood pressure regulated. We call blood pressure normalized.
We call healing of the heart and the blood flow in the name of Jesus.
We call high blood pressure normal in the name of Jesus. Low blood pressure normal in the name of Jesus.
Healing and wholeness and wellness over the heart and the blood flow in these veins.
Oh, we thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah.
We believe, Father, that your grace is sufficient for us even in ignorance.
We thank you, Lord, for your grace is sufficient for us. Thank you, Lord.
That's interesting. I don't know who that's to, but I'm praying for somebody.
But you feel warmth on you. I hear you feel a warmth on you right now.
It's the Holy Ghost. Well, glory to God today. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father, for your refreshing.
Thank you, Father, that we're a lighthouse for what's about to happen and we stabilize ourselves in you, staying rooted and sober.
Father, we pray over President Trump that he makes the right decisions in the days ahead.
We cover him in the name of Jesus. We put angels all around him.
We thank you, Lord, that a thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
We pray over Don Jr. We prayed over his children. We pray over his marriage.
We pray over Rubio and over JD Vance. We pray over his baby coming, over Usha's baby, and their child together.
Father, we thank you, Lord, the healing is over the health of the child.
We call Usha radically born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost. I accept.
We call it in right now in the name of Jesus over JD Vance: born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We thank you, Lord, that you stir in him right now in Jesus'name.
I see that ballroom again. Why do you keep showing me the ballroom?
It's the crown jewel. What's the crown jewel? It's the jewel, the crown jewel, the head of the jewel.
It's the second time I've heard this today. We thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer tonight.
We thank you, Lord, for healings and demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory.
We thank you, Lord, for your deliverance over us. We thank you, Lord, for your hand on us.
Thank you, Jesus. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
We give glory to your name, oh Lord. Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I give glory to your name, oh Lord. Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
There's a refreshing coming to you tonight. The Lord wants to bring a refreshing to you. I see a certain celebrity right now. They're watching.
And the Lord said to me, 'I'm bringing a refreshing to them.'They're having some problems with sleeping and they're having problems with anxiety. Specifically, you're having great anxiety attacks.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to set you free as a sign and wonder tonight.'And as of tonight, that demonic spirit that has been oppressing you is going to break off of you.
I command you to release them now in Jesus'name. Release their head.
I command that spirit of anxiety and depression and fear and torment in the sleep at night—you be gone in the name of Jesus.
Fear not, child, for the Lord is with you. I apply the blood over your mind.
And I thank you, Father, for breakthrough. And he wants to do it because he just loves you.
It's something you don't earn and something you don't deserve.
It's just because he says, 'I love you.'He's drawing you closer to him. He has greater plans for you if you will yield to it.
All the things that you've done so far are nothing compared to what God wants to do through you.
That's what he just told me to tell you. He has great works for you.
And as a sign to what is being said right now, you'll have the greatest sleep you've ever had tonight.
You'll sleep like a rock. You don't want to say like a baby because a baby wakes up all the time, but sleep so deep, sound sleep.
Heaven and the Lord's going to give you a heavenly vision and heavenly dreams.
Sound dreams. Sound sleep. Father, I thank you for peaceful, restful sleep over them right now.
I agree with them. The torment is over. It's been going on for a while because of a door you opened up.
Repent of it and just go on. The Lord is restoring back this peace.
Anxiety is gone off your life right now. Anxiety, go. Torment, go in Jesus'name.
Angels of the Lord, usher it right out of their house. Break off. You say, 'Well, Brandon, what about me?'Receive it.
I'm talking to an individual, but the Lord said, 'Receive it for you, too, because there's other people that this is happening to.'Say, 'I receive this.
I'm free. I'm no more tormented in my sleep.'I receive it for me, too.
I'll piggyback on that; I'll take part of that. Jump on it. Receive it. Hallelujah. Glory to God. God has great days ahead for you.
Your voice will become amplified by two in the days ahead because of the anointing that's coming on you if you will yield.
That means your influence—the Lord said your influence will be multiplied by two in the Christian community.
I'm excited for you. Glory to God. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Sleep. Sleep. Peace. Peace.
Wonderful peace coming down from the Father above, sweep over my spirit.
Peace, peace, wonderful peace, coming down from the Father above.
Sweep over my spirit forever, I pray, in fathomless billows of love.
I like that. Peace, peace, wonderful peace coming down from the Father above.
Sweep over my spirit forever, I pray, and fathomless billows of love.
It's rolling, and you're getting covered up in it. Do you feel that peace he's bringing to you right now?
Peace over your sleep. Peace. You've been tormented for so long.
Your cortisol levels are all out of whack. Your cortisol is screaming.
Your adrenal glands are stressed out completely with the caffeine you've been drinking.
Your adrenal glands are screaming and the Lord is bringing peace to the cortisol and your hormones.
This was causing this anxiety. I see the cortisol levels and your adrenals being healed right now.
They would call it adrenal gland fatigue, but this is hereditary stress and cortisol levels that have been just driving this and driving this.
And that is what's causing this root of anxiety in your life.
I believe right now that peace that passes all understanding—I'm looking at it in the spirit—is right above your kidneys, right there.
Peace, wonderful peace coming down from the Father above, sweep over their spirit forever, I pray.
Touch them tonight, Lord. Touch them with that peace tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that they sleep well tonight—the best sleep they've had in a long, long time.
Peace that passes all understanding floods them tonight. Thank you, Father.
Glory to God. Hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve. We love you.
I'm so thankful that you're here tonight, every single one of you.
And I have a question to ask: Do you know, my friend, if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's your night.
Stop running. He's always been there with His arms wide open.
But there are so many of you that have run and run, and tonight's your night to come home.
He's knocking on the door of your heart, saying, 'Will you just let me in?
Will you let me fix your mess and turn it into a message?'There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
No man or woman is promised tomorrow. This could be your last opportunity to accept Jesus Christ.
There could be a tragic car accident; there could be something.
We don't know. All I know is today is the day of salvation. And if you're here, it's not by accident.
Jesus is here and He is knocking on your heart, asking, 'Will you let me in?'I just want to say a simple prayer with you, but I want you to get real with God.
If I'm talking to you and you feel that stirring inside of you—it might feel like butterflies—that's the Holy Spirit. He's tugging at your heart right now.
Like I said, the very shoes you put on today to go to work or wherever you're going, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
No one is promised tomorrow, but today is the day of salvation.
There's no other way to the Father except through the Lord Jesus Christ.
Buddha can't save you. Muhammad can't save you. The devil can't save you. Only Jesus Christ can. He died for you.
He suffered and died, but He rose again, and He is seated at the right hand of the Father making intercession for you right now.
He is saying, 'Please come home. Come home.'You who are weary, come home softly and tenderly.
Jesus is calling softly and tenderly; Jesus is calling, calling for you and for me.
Come home, come home, you who are weary, come home. Earnestly, tenderly, Jesus is calling.
Oh, you lost sinners, come home. So tonight's your night. I want to say a simple prayer for you.
Put in the comment section, 'I want to be saved.'If this is for you and you feel that tonight, or you may have been on fire for Jesus at one time and you've run from Him, know tonight is your night.
I have to sell out to You. I know You're coming soon. I know that my life is not right.
I went back to the sin I was doing and haven't been living right, and tonight's my night.
I'm coming home. I want to say a simple prayer for you. Be bold. Jesus died publicly in front of everybody to see.
I want you tonight to be bold about your decision and tell Brandon, 'I want to be saved.'Repeat this prayer after me.
The moment you confess your sins, I believe Jesus is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God. I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior. I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I turn my back on the devil and my sin.
From this day forward, Lord, I'll serve You with all my heart.
Thank You, Lord, for forgiving me of my sins. Thank You, Lord, that today I have a fresh, clean start.
Thank You, Lord, that You wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of Life today. I believe I'm saved.
And I thank You, Lord, that if I were to die tonight, I'll be with You in paradise forever.
I believe You are the Son of God, Jesus. I love You. Amen.'I believe if you just said that prayer, you're born again now.
Old things are passed away; behold, He makes all things new.
Now, what do you do? You go to a Bible-believing church. Get plugged in there.
Get baptized. Get there Wednesday or Sunday—whenever they have the doors open.
Go to a church that's on fire for Jesus. Don't go to some stale, stagnant church that's not preaching the word of God.
Read your Bible and pray every single day. If you don't have a Bible, I will buy you your first Bible.
Thank you for coming tonight. We just want to tell you, welcome to the family.
We'll send you the Bible absolutely for free, no questions asked.
In the United States, use the email in the description down below.
Put in the headline, 'I just got born again and could I have my Bible?'and put your name and address.
We will send you the Bible—it'll be a New King James or Amplified.
Welcome home. We're excited you're here. Please like, subscribe, and pray with us.
We're believing for a million-person prayer army. I believe in 2026, we will reach that goal.
God is doing major things on this channel, and we're believing for the harvest of souls.
If any of you got born again, let us know. Thirty-eight people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight in the late hour.
10:10. Not too late—a lot better than normal. Did you like the new time?
Tell us in the comment section. Did you like the new time coming on?
I tried to do about almost 8:00. There are 8,600 of you. Thank you for being here tonight and praying with us.
We love every single one of you. We will be back again tomorrow. Tomorrow's Monday. Let me pray over your work week.
Father, I thank You for every person who's represented here tonight.
I thank You that their work week is going to be supernatural.
I pray for blessing and increase, that everything they put their hands to would prosper.
I bless their minds, their bodies, and their marriages. I thank You, Lord, that they excel, that You bless them indeed.
You increase their land and enlarge their territory. I thank You, Lord, that the increase is on their homes and that this will be the best week yet.
In the name of Jesus, amen. Well, again, we love y'all. Thank you for joining us.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.